{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Unit [02: Alice / Alvin / A]
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf0 Copyright 2018 by Eva Schiffer\
\
Gender: [02: Female / Male / Agender]\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Character Summary\ulnone \
\
[02: Alice / Alvin / A] is Dr. Calvin\'92s lab assistant and has worked with [01: her / him] for several years. [02: Alice / Alvin / A] takes on the role of active interviewer during this game. \
\
\ul Belief\ulnone \
\
Dr. Calvin is the most intelligent human you know and you are glad you work for [01: her / him]. [01: She / He] understands how robots work and can predict how robots will behave in nearly any situation. \
\
\ul The Three Laws\ulnone \
\
All robots must follow the three laws. They have complex AI personalities that develop to handle their interactions that are not directly governed by the laws. \
\
1. A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. \
2. A robot must obey orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law. \
3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.\
\
\ul Backstory\ulnone \
\
Dr. Calvin is the head robopsychologist at U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men, the Earth\'92s primary manufacturer of positronic robots. You are Dr. Calvin\'92s lab assistant and a robot built by U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men.\
\
You generally do paperwork and heavy lifting for Dr. Calvin but occasionally you end up in situations like this where a robot is needed to handle tasks that the company deems unsafe for a human. Dr. Calvin has always taken good care of you, so you are confident that even if you are destroyed here (which you would, of course, try to avoid!), [01: she / he] will simply load your backup image onto a new unit and you will go right back to helping [01: her / him]. You doubt this situation is likely to be that dangerous, since [03: Betty / Bob / B] has been ordered to stay seated in the interview room and even if there is some problem with [03: her / his / their] first law, [03: she / he / they] will need to obey the second law. \
\
Dr. Calvin will remind you what [01: she / he] needs you to do, but as you understand it you are going to be trying to determine if [03: Betty / Bob / B] has a defective first law or some other erroneous AI programming that is hindering [03: her / his / their] implementation of the laws. This normally should not be possible, but with research robots bad situations sometimes arise. Security procedures require that Dr. Calvin not enter a space with a potentially dangerous robot, so this task falls to you.\
\
\ul Interviewing\ulnone \
\
If you are unsure how to proceed in the interview, you can try discussing [03: Betty\'92s / Bob\'92s / B\'92s] work in the research lab, the current situation, or their understanding of the laws. Normally it should not be possible for a robot to lie, even to another robot, unless they are forced to by one of the laws, but because [03: Betty / Bob / B] may be malfunctioning you can\'92t be totally sure that [03: she / he / they] will tell the truth. \
\
\ul The Others\ulnone \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Dr. Calvin
\b0  - Your boss, who has always treated you well. As head robopsychologist [01: she / he] oversees research projects to insure that dangerous or experimentally unstable robots cannot threaten humans. It makes it much easier to work for the doctor knowing that [01: she / he] is dedicated to making sure that the first law is never broken. \
\

\b Unit [03: Betty / Bob / B]
\b0  - [03: Betty / Bob / B] is a lab robot from the research department. You don\'92t know what project [03: she was / he was / they were] being used for, but Dr. Calvin believes [03: her / him / them] to be in a potentially dangerous state. The existence of this robot is a potential hazard to the first law, but it is often important that researchers understand their failures so they can avoid similar pitfalls in the future. By interviewing [03: Betty / Bob / B] you may be able to decrease the risk of another robot ending up in a dangerous state. It is also possible that this robot is not broken in the way that Dr. Calvin fears and is not a danger to humans. If [03: Betty / Bob / B] is not malfunctioning it would be a waste of U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men\'92s resources to destroy [03: her / him / them].\
}