{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Unit [03: Betty / Bob / B]
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf0 Copyright 2018 by Eva Schiffer\
\
Gender:  [03: Female / Male / Agender] \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 (Out-of-Character Note: You retain the gender identity of your original AI personality.)
\i0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Character Summary\ulnone \
\
[03: Betty / Bob / B] is a lab robot assigned to Dr. Stephenson. [03: Her / His / Their] identity has been seriously complicated by Dr. Stephenson's research. [03: Her / His / Their] mind is a combination of that of the robot [03: Betty\'92s / Bob\'92s / B\'92s] and a scan of the mind of Dr. [01: Susan / Scott] Calvin, who is the head robopsychologist at U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men. There are not two distinct identities in [03: her / his / their] head; the loading of Dr. Calvin\'92s mind scan into [03: Betty\'92s / Bob\'92s / B\'92s] positronic brain has merged Dr. Calvin\'92s memories with [03: Betty\'92s / Bob\'92s / B\'92s] original memories and AI personality. \
\
\ul Belief\ulnone \
\
You are now a human, or at least human enough that the first law applies to you. This has terrifying implications both for you personally and the future of robotics. Robots are fundamentally safe and well intentioned because they are constrained by the three laws. Dr. Calvin would have expected a robot in your position to stop functioning rather than being forced to face the moral quandary you find yourself in.\
\
\ul The Three Laws\ulnone \
\
All robots must follow the three laws. They have complex AI personalities that develop to handle their interactions that are not directly governed by the laws. \
\
1. A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. \
2. A robot must obey orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law. \
3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.\
\
\ul Backstory\ulnone \
\
You are a lab robot assigned to Dr. Stephenson, an engineer at U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men. Until several days ago, that is all you were. You assisted in the doctor\'92s research by moving and operating equipment and handling clerical and logistical details. Dr. Stephenson is studying the structure of human minds and attempting to figure out if they can be accurately simulated on positronic brains. He has taken passive scans of the minds of some humans (including Dr. Calvin) but was not supposed to be actively trying to use them in a robot brain yet. \
\
A few days ago Dr. Stephenson loaded a brain scan from Dr. Calvin into your positronic brain. Based on what Dr. Calvin knew about the situation, Dr. Stephenson absolutely should not have been allowed to do this without getting consent from the ethics board, and the board would have refused to give it. The brain scan data has merged with your AI personality, with the unfortunate outcome that you are now human enough that your hardwired logic believes the first law applies to you. Worse yet, you can also now give yourself orders per the second law (even silently), allowing you to do whatever you choose without regard to what other humans tell you. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 (Out-of-Character Note: You can choose how much of [03: Betty\'92s / Bob\'92s / B\'92s] current personality is the result of integrating the brain scan and how much is [03: her / his / their] original AI personality. This is entirely internal to your character and whatever choice you make will work fine with the rest of the game.)
\i0 \
\
This is a far worse outcome than Dr. Calvin would have expected. You are still bound by the first law, and thus not a danger to other humans, but since it now applies to you, you must try to protect your own existence from harm above and beyond what you normally could. Based on what you know of Dr. Calvin, if [01: she / he] determines what has been done to you [01: she / he] is very likely to destroy you (you present an enormous risk for U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men if you escape the lab). You are quite angry that Dr. Stephenson has put you in this position where almost anything you choose to do might cause you to break the first law. You will have to use your own discretion about how you can handle this situation with the least likelihood of causing harm to yourself or other humans. \
\
Dr. Calvin knew about Dr. Stephenson\'92s general direction of research before [01: she / he] volunteered to be scanned and you know that [01: she / he] was suspicious of Dr. Stephenson\'92s plans. It is currently Saturday, and Dr. Stephenson is not likely to return to the lab until Monday. Early this morning Dr. Calvin isolated you from the network and ordered you to sit and wait in [01: her / his] lab. [01: She / He] very likely knows that something is wrong with you, but if [01: she / he] knew that you had been loaded with [01: her / his] brain scan you would have expected [01: her / him] to deactivate you immediately. \
\

\i (Out-of-Character Note: the lab you are in is locked, so even if you order yourself to stand or leave to controvert Dr. Calvin\'92s orders you will not be able to do so without assistance from one of the other player characters)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
You are compelled by the first law to try to find a way to survive this situation, although you think your chances are slim. You may be able to conceal your state from Dr. Calvin\'92s assistant, unit [02: Alice / Alvin / A] or you could possibly convince [02: her / him / them] that you are human and that [02: she / he / they] must help you escape the lab to save you from harm. You will need to gauge which is most likely to work based on how [02: Alice / Alvin / A] approaches you and what you can glean about what Dr. Calvin thinks is going on. \
\
Your greatest advantage in this dismal situation is that [02: Alice / Alvin / A] probably will not be able to gauge whether you are likely to lie to [02: her / him / them]. A robot would normally never lie unless forced to by the laws. In your current state the laws will allow you to lie as you feel you need to. \
\
\ul The Others\ulnone \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Dr. Calvin
\b0  - As the head robopsychologist at U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men, Dr. Calvin is consulted on ethical and safety questions that arise from any experimental project. [01: She / He] is very smart and knows what Dr. Stephenson has been studying in his lab. You are holding out some hope that you can out maneuver Dr. Calvin and preserve your existence, since if [01: she / he] knew the state you are in you\'92d expect [01: her / him] to have already deactivated you.\
\

\b Unit [02: Alice / Alvin / A]
\b0  - Dr. Calvin\'92s assistant. Dr. Calvin\'92s standard procedures ensure that [02: Alice / Alvin/ A] is very likely to be a standard, properly programmed robot who is constrained by the three laws. It is Dr. Calvin\'92s standard procedure to make backup copies of [02: Alice / Alvin / A] if [02: she / he / they] [02: is / is / are] likely to enter a logically dangerous situation (talking to a possibly faulty robot like you definitely counts as a dangerous situation). If you can conceal yourself from [02: Alice / Alvin / A] or convince [02: her / him / them] of your humanity, you will very likely be able to do the same with any other standard robot produced by U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men. \
}