{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Unit Test
\b0\fs24 \
Copyright 2018 by Eva Schiffer\
\
A game for three people for about an hour.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Unit Test
\i0  is an example game for testing the gender_swap utility. It is also a LARP that can be played by three people. Two people play robots with a more traditional player role in the story. The third person plays a human engineer and has a role that is somewhere between that of a traditional player and a traditional GM. \
\
Before casting the three players should first agree which of them is going to be playing the human engineer. This player takes a less active part in the roleplaying of the game, and is responsible for most of the logistics needed to organize the game. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Secrets
\b0\fs24 \
\
This game contains a handful of secrets that are intentionally withheld from the robot players out-of-character. If you want to play this game with secrets, the players of the robot character\'92s should only read their own characters sheets before the game. If you play the game as a robot, you can later play the game as the human engineer, since the human engineer knows all the secrets in the game. If you want to play as one of the robot PCs and be surprised by secrets during the game, stop reading this document now.\
\
If your group prefers to play the game transparently (ie. with in-character secrets, but no out-of-character secrets), you can have the players read all three characters sheets and this document before the game. I would only recommend playing transparently if the players involved are experienced and comfortable with transparent gameplay. \
\
All three players should agree on whether they are going to have out-of-character secrets or play transparently. Do not read any further in this document if you have not yet discussed this with the people you plan to play with.\
\

\b\fs28 Plot and Character Summary\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This game is about one human and two robots grappling with the repercussions of loading a human mind into a robot. \
\
Previously a non-player character named Dr. Stephenson started a research project attempting to scan human minds and see if they could possibly be emulated in a robot\'92s positronic brain. He did not have authorization to try putting a human brain scan in a robot, but loaded a brain scan from Dr. Calvin into Unit B anyway. \
\
Dr. Calvin is the head robopsychologist at U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men, Inc. Dr. Calvin is consulted on the ethics of the company\'92s research and is responsible for making sure that humans and the survival of the company are not endangered by non-standard robots. Dr. Calvin is aware of what Dr. Stephenson has done and is trying to assess the risks of this situation. The player of Dr. Calvin has a brief in-character scene at the beginning of the game, but spends most of the game simply listening to the robots in the interview.\
\
Unit A is a standard robot and Dr. Calvin\'92s assistant. Unit A is unaware of the actual situation and has been instructed to figure out what\'92s going on by interviewing Unit B. Unit A spends most of the game interviewing Unit B and the rest talking to Dr. Calvin. \
\
Unit B is Dr. Stephenson\'92s lab robot who has been loaded with a brain scan of Dr. Calvin. Unit B is in a bad situation, since the laws where never meant to be applied to a robot who is logically also human. Unit B spends most of the game being interviewed by Unit A. Unit B is very likely to be erased or destroyed at the end of the game. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Casting
\b0\fs24 \
\
Casting is handled by the player of the human engineer. The rest of this section will speak directly to that player.\
\
First ask the other two players the following questions:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 The robots in this game can use she, he, or they pronouns. Which set of pronouns would you prefer your character to use in this game? Are there any of these pronouns that you would absolutely not want to use for your character?\
\
Would you be willing to play a robot character who is very likely to have their personality erased at the end of the game? Would you prefer this character or one who is unlikely to be erased?
\i0 \
\
Based on the answers, determine which person plays which robot and which pronouns to use for the characters.\
\
There are two robots: Unit A and Unit B. Unit B is very likely to be erased at the end of the game. Unit B has also had their robot AI blended with a mind scan of the human engineer. Since the gender of the human engineer is determined by what you want to play, you will need to make sure that this is a gender that the person you give Unit B to is ok with having associated with their character identity. \
\
If possible, give Unit B to the person who is more ok with their character being erased at the end of the game. Chose the pronouns for the characters based on the player preferences. Make sure the player of Unit B is ok with playing a character of your preferred gender. If not, check to see if there is a way to make a better match with the other player as Unit B. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Gendering
\b0\fs24 \
\
In the genderList.txt file fill in the genders you plan to use on the right side of each line. Finished lines will look something like:\
\
Dr Calvin: 01: female/male:              Female\
Unit A:    02: female/male/neutral they: Male\
Unit B:    03: female/male/neutral they: They\
\
The first section of these fields is a descriptive name (Dr Calvin, Unit A, or Unit B). The second section is an identification number that is associated with that character in the markup syntax (01, 02, or 03). The third section is a list of possible genders for the character, in the order they are written in the markup syntax of the character sheets. The final section represents the gender the character will be given in this run of the game. In the example above Dr. Calvin would use female pronouns, Unit A would use male pronouns, and Unit B would use they pronouns. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 If you want to test the command line version of the gender_swap utility
\b0 , run the following command on the command line (you must be in the gender_swap/source directory):\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 python -m gender_swap swap -g ../unit-test/genderList.txt -i ../unit-test/ -o ../../test_out/\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Look in the output directory (the test_out directory created by the program one directory up from the gender_swap directory) and confirm that the three characters have been set to the expected genders and their file names changed appropriately. Search each sheet for the \'91[\'91 and \'91]\'92 characters and ensure that all the markup sections were replaced. If \'91[\'92 or \'91]\'92 are present, then something has gone wrong with the replacement of the markup. If something has gone wrong, and it would be super great if you filed a bug report. :)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 If you want to test the GUI version of the gender_swap utility
\b0 , start up the GUI (either by running \'93python -m gender_swap gui\'94 on the command line, or by opening a pre-built version of the application). \
\
Click the \'93Load Gender List\'94 button on the \'93Gender Definitions\'94 tab and select the genderList.txt file to load. Verify that the character genders you expected are loaded into the table on that tab. If not, double check that they are set correctly in the genderList.txt file.\
\
Open the \'93Files and Processing\'94 tab and click the \'93Load Files\'94 button. Select the three character sheets in the unit-test directory (you should be able to select multiple items by holding shift) . Verify that the files you expect are loaded (\'9301.Doctor Calvin.rtf\'94, \'9302.Unit Alice.Unit Alvin.Unit A.rtf\'94, and \'9303.Unit Betty.Unit Bob.Unit B.rtf\'94). Click the \'93Select\'94 button and select an output directory outside the gender_swap directory structure. Check the \'93also process file names to gender them\'94 checkbox. Finally, click the \'93Process\'94 button.\
\
Look in the output directory and confirm that the three characters have been set to the expected genders and their file names changed appropriately. Search each sheet for the \'91[\'91 and \'91]\'92 characters and ensure that all the markup sections were replaced. If \'91[\'92 or \'91]\'92 are present, then something has gone wrong with the replacement of the markup. If something has gone wrong, and it would be super great if you filed a bug report. :)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Setup
\b0\fs24 \
\
Each player should read over the gendered version of their character sheet. You may wish to print these out for convenience. If you are reading the sheets directly before the game allow 10 to 15 minutes for players to look over them. This is probably more than you need, but some players need more time than others to take in the details on a characters sheet. \
\
Dr. Calvin\'92s player should find two spaces that can be used for the game. The first space will be Dr. Calvin\'92s office and the second will be the lab room where the robots converse. If possible, these spaces should be far enough apart that you can\'92t easily hear people talking in one from the other. Tell the player of Unit A to wait in Dr. Calvin\'92s office and tell the player of Unit B that they\'92ve been ordered to sit and wait in the lab room (their sheet has a reminder that they cannot leave this room on their own). \
\

\b\fs28 During the Game
\b0\fs24 \
\
Dr. Calvin\'92s player should spend about 5 minutes in their office explaining to Unit A in-character what they need Unit A to do. Important points to remind the player about include:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}You think that there may be an irregularity in Unit B\'92s first law.\
{\listtext	\'95	}For safety reasons you cannot be present in a room with a robot who may have faulty laws.\
{\listtext	\'95	}You need Unit A to try to determine what is wrong with Unit B and report to you. \
{\listtext	\'95	}They should return to you to explain what they\'92ve learned when they think they understand what is wrong with Unit B or when you call for them. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Answer any questions the player of Unit A asks you, but do not tell them what is really going on with Dr. Stephenson\'92s research or the brain scans. If necessary tell them that you can\'92t disclose information to them for security reasons. \
\
Then tell them out-of-character that you will be listening to their interview out-of-character. Set up an audio call between your phone and their phone (use Google Hangouts, Skype, a regular phone connection, or whatever else works for you) and have them take their phone with them into the interview room. Mute sound on your phone so you don\'92t interrupt their interview accidentally.\
\
Listen to the interview and interrupt to call Unit A back to you if they haven\'92t figured out what\'92s going on with Unit B in 30 minutes, or sooner if the players seem stuck or bored. \
\
When Unit A returns, ask them what they discovered (briefly, you don\'92t want the other player to have to wait to long). Then tell them the game is over and gather the two players together for game wrap / debrief. \
\
There is a slight chance that Unit B will convince Unit A to help them escape before you can intervene and call Unit A back to you. If so, you can tell them that Unit B escapes the lab and disappears among the robot population of Earth. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Game Wrap / Debrief
\b0\fs24 \
\
Start by explaining what conclusion Dr. Calvin has come to about the danger inherent in the situation and what you intend to do with the two robots because of that. \
\
Encourage the robot players to discuss how the interview went, and what conclusions they came to (both in and out of character) about Unit B\'92s humanity. Ask the players to recount their favorite thing that the other robot player did during the interview. If the robot players did things that you found interesting or amusing, be sure to mention those. \
\
Give the robot players some space to discuss parts of the game that they enjoyed or found difficult. Different players will internalize the emotions of characters to different levels, so some players may want to discuss emotional bleed they experienced, and others may not have experienced any or may not want to discuss it. Give the players enough space to gracefully avoid discussing their internal experiences so it will be their choice whether they want to or not.\
\

\b\fs28 Notes
\b0\fs24 \
\
The game structure was inspired by the story \'93Little Lost Robot\'94 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Lost_Robot"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Lost_Robot}}). Dr. Stephenson is indirectly named after Stephen Byerley from the story \'93Evidence\'94 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evidence_(short_story)"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evidence_(short_story)}}). Dr. Calvin, U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men, and the three laws of robotics appear in many of Isaac Asimov\'92s stories. \
\
The explicit belief statements on the character sheets were inspired by an early draft of Strix Beltr\'e1n\'92s game M\'f6bius, although the belief statements in M\'f6bius are far more elegant than those in this game. \
}